c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.exe.config
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.mdf
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary_log.ldf
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.exe
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.pdb
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.Form1.resources
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.exe
c:\users\kunjumon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.pdb
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.mdf
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary_log.ldf
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.exe.config
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.exe
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\bin\Debug\Dictionary.pdb
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.Form1.resources
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.exe
C:\Users\phile\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Dictionary\Dictionary\obj\Debug\Dictionary.pdb
